## CSE110 Group 17 Team Tortellini Meeting Notes

Meeting Purpose: Planning/Update for Sprint 2 & Going over testings

Date: 2/24/2021

Start Time: 2:00PM

Location: Zoom (https://ucsd.zoom.us/j/96975473049Meeting)

|  Present |  Absent  |
| -------- | -------- |
|  Bryan   |          |
|  Daniel  |          |         
|  Liam    |          |         
|  Harry   |          |         
|  Evan    |          |         
|  Colby   |          |         
|  Kenneth |          |         
|  Bo      |          |         
|          |  Yuying  |         

Agenda:
1. Progress Update (outside of daily-scrum)
   * Colby: modified some files for styling
   * Bryan: tried adding icons, had some trouble getting them to show up in local server
   * Harry: working on video, will work on timing logic after
   * Daniel: presented at discussion 
   * Kenneth: researched testing
2. Testing
   * Need at least 2 unit tests for each function 
   * Focus on common cases first, then edge cases
   * Create dedicated testing team
     * Currently: Kenneth, Daniel
3. Branch Management
   * ```merged_sprint1``` will be our main development branch, so branch from there when working in the future
4. Functionality
   * Overstudy (aka Finish Early)
     * Should remove remaining pomo sessions when clicked
5. Future Work
   * Deadlines
     * Timer: Sat-Sun
     * CSS: Thur-Sat
     * TaskList: Sat-Sun
     * Unit Testing: Sun [push by Wed]

To Do:
* Post user stories
* Work on assigned tasks
* Developers:
  * When working on functions, comment to let testers know it is ready

End Time: 3:15PM